--- PAGE 1 ---
SCAPE COMMUNITY GUIDELINES
BEHAVIOUR & WELLBEING
1. Conduct & Behaviour
Scape is committed to making sure that anyone 
who is part of the Scape community treats others 
with respect in an environment that is free from 
harassment, intimidation, bullying and discrimination.
Guests must not engage in any form of harassment, 
discrimination, intimidation and/or bullying of any 
kind towards any person including other guests, 
Scape staff or anyone else in the building.
Scape has a zero-tolerance policy in respect of 
harassment, intimidation, bullying and discrimination. 
Examples of such unacceptable behaviour include:
(a)  Harassment: unwanted behaviour that makes a 
person feel intimidated, threatened or humiliated.
(b)  Sexual Harassment: unwelcome or unwanted 
sexual behaviour, requests for sexual favours, 
and other verbal, written or physical conduct of 
a sexual nature where a person feels intimidated, 
threatened, or humiliated.
(c)  Bullying: repeatedly and intentionally use words 
or actions against someone or a group of people 
to cause distress and risk to their wellbeing.
(d)  Cyber/Social Bullying: bullying that is caused 
using technology, such as the internet and social 
channels.
(e)  Discrimination: the unjust or prejudicial treatment 
of a person or group based on their background 
or personal characteristics.  
2. Alcohol 
Guests may consume alcohol at Scape however 
this must be done in moderation with a responsible 
attitude. Guests under 18 years of age are not able to 
possess or consume alcohol at Scape.
(a)  Alcohol must be consumed responsibly and not 
affect the quiet enjoyment of other guests or 
neighbours. 
(b)  Alcoholic drinking games and other activities that 
promote binge drinking or excessive drinking and 
disorderly drunkenness are not permitted.
(c)  Alcohol is not permitted to be consumed directly 
outside any entrance or exit to the building.
(d)  Alcohol is not permitted in common areas after 
10:00pm.  Scape reserves the right to confiscate 
alcohol found in common areas after 10:00pm.
(e)  Guests should always remain respectful of others 
and be aware of their own conduct. 
(f)  Drunk or disorderly behaviour is unacceptable.  
Violence or aggression towards other guests or 
Scape staff will not be tolerated.  
This is considered a serious breach and must be 
reported to Scape.
3. Drugs & Other Illegal Substances
Scape has a zero-tolerance to drug possession, 
usage or selling of any non-prescribed or illegal 
drugs. If Scape has reasonable grounds to suspect a 
guest is in breach of this requirement, Scape may
(a)  request the guest to immediately remove any 
such substances or equipment from Scape.
(b)  confiscate such substances or equipment; and
(c)  take any further action Scape believes 
appropriate or necessary in the circumstances. 
In addition to the above, Scape reserves the right to 
immediately terminate the Agreement and report 
an incident to the police and any other authority it 
deems appropriate.
4. Smoking
Smoking of any substance, including e-cigarettes 
& shisha, is strictly prohibited in indoors areas. A 
breach of this guide may result in additional fees for 
any costs such as cleaning costs required to remove 
smells, smoking stains and/or cigarette butts.
Guests are permitted to smoke in the designated 
smoking area.  Smokers must dispose of their 
cigarette butts in the ashtrays or receptacles 
provided.  
5. Guests & Visitors, Subject To Covid 
Restrictions.
(a)  Visitors must vacate the property by 10:00pm 
on the day they are visiting, unless approval has 
been given by Scape.  Any visitor present after 
10:00pm will be considered an unauthorised 
person and will be asked to leave immediately.
(b)  Visitors and guests must comply with this 
guide. Guests are responsible for their guests 
and will be held accountable for any breach or 
misconduct by their guest. 
(c)  Visitors are prohibited from entering the 
apartment or rooms of guests other than their 
host.
(d)  All visitors and guests must be registered at 
reception upon entry to the property.
6. Pets
Guests are not permitted to keep pets of any kind 
(including, fish, rodents, insects, and reptiles) in their 
room, apartment and/or property.  Additionally, 
guests are not permitted to bring animals into any 
Scape property. This guide does not apply to the 
keeping of an assistance dog, provided that the 
guest has first informed Scape in writing of their 
intention to keep an assistance dog.
SAFETY & SECURITY 
7. False Fire Alarms
(a)  For the safety and security of all guests, all 
rooms, apartments, common areas, and facilities 
are inspected on a regular basis to ensure the 
fire alarms are in working order. 
(b)  All guests will be provided with, and must attend, 
a fire safety briefing conducted by Scape or an 
AMES representative. 
(c)  The fire safety equipment is connected to an 
alarm.  If an alarm is activated, the fire brigade 
will respond to this alarm and send a vehicle to 
the property.  Any guest found to have activated 
a false fire alarm will be responsible for any 
charges issued by the fire brigade, monitoring 
services and/or security.
(d)  Candles, oil burners, incense burners, naked 
flames and other similar items are prohibited.
(e)  Should the smoke alarms sound without reason, 
guests are to contact Scape immediately.
(f)  Guests must, when showering, ensure the 
bathroom door is closed, as excessive steam 
from the bathroom may set off a fire alarm. 
(g)  Guests must always use bathroom exhaust fans 
when showering and kitchen range hoods when 
cooking.
(h)  Guests must not hang any items from the 
sprinkler system.
8. Fire Equipment
It is against the law to tamper with fire equipment, 
including removing or covering exit signs, damaging 
exit signs, altering the function of door closers, 
disabling or covering smoke detectors, discharging 
fire extinguishers for any purpose other than putting 
out a fire and doing anything that may compromise 
the proper functioning of fire equipment.  Guests 
that tamper with any fire equipment may receive 
a fine by authority services or a possible criminal 
penalty. A breach of this Guide in any way by a guest 
will also be considered as serious misconduct and 
may result in termination of the guest’s Agreement.
9. Evacuation
Guests must familiarise themselves with the 
location of all emergency exits and attend emergency 
evacuation information sessions when required.
If the emergency alarm system is activated, guests 
must evacuate the building immediately via the fire 
stairs and make their way to the designated assembly 
point.  Guests are not permitted to use lifts during an

--- PAGE 2 ---
SCAPE COMMUNITY GUIDELINES
evacuation.  Guests will not be permitted to re-enter 
the property until advised to do so by emergency 
services or Scape.
10. Electrical Safety
(a)  All electrical items, including extension cords 
and power boards, must conform to Australian 
Standards.
(b)  Cooking must only be done in the kitchen.  The use 
of any cooking equipment (including electric woks, 
frying pans, hotplates, hotpot/Korean BBQ hotplate, 
rice cookers and other mobile cooking devices) 
anywhere outside the kitchen is prohibited.
(c)  Guest must not ever modify a plug by bending or 
removing prongs.  
(d)  Guests must not use or install electrical equipment 
in the room or apartment without the prior approval 
of Scape.
(e)  All electrical items must be turned off when not 
in use, including air conditioners. 
11. Security
In a commitment to providing a safe and secure 
environment for all guests, Scape is equipped with 
secure electronic swipe key card access, CCTV 
recording 24 hours a day and on-site security or 
support.  Guests should still be mindful and cautious to 
prevent possible dangers, threats, and theft.
To stay out of harm’s way and safeguard personal 
belongings, guests should:
(a)  ensure that the apartment and room door closes 
and locks behind them when leaving or entering;
(b)  ensure that the buildings external doors are always 
kept closed.
(c)   not prop open doors with a door stopper or similar.
(d)  forbid people that they do not know from following 
them into the Scape building.
(e)  get to know their neighbours.
(f)  never lend their swipe card or keys to another 
person. 
(g)  never leave money or valuables in full view 
unattended.
(h)  secure bikes to bike racks using a quality lock such 
as a U-bolt; and
(i)  immediately alert Scape staff of suspicious 
people or behaviour in or around the building.
12. Door locks
(a)  Guests are provided with one swipe card to their 
room door.
(b)  Guests must not tamper with or change any lock 
within the building.
(c) Doors should always be kept locked and closed.
(d)  Guests may be charged a replacement fee for 
lost key cards. 
13. Common areas 
(a)  Scape may restrict access to common areas and 
to all facilities or equipment located within the 
common areas for an indefinite period.  Such 
reasons may include concerns associated with 
health and safety, or for cleaning or hygiene 
purposes.   
(b)  All Scape communal study spaces, guests must be 
respectful of noise levels and allow other guests the 
right to enjoy quiet study.
(c)  All guests must leave all common areas neat, 
clean, and tidy after using them.
(d)  All kitchen appliances and benches are to be 
cleaned after use.  Cooking utensils, cutlery and 
crockery must be washed, dried, and placed inside 
cupboards.
(e)  All guests are responsible for placing their rubbish 
in the waste bins provided in the common areas.
(f)  Guests are not permitted to sleep in the 
building’s common areas.
14. Outdoor Terraces / Rooftop
If the building has an outdoor terrace or rooftop, the 
following requirements apply to its use:
(a) Guests must not access restricted areas of the roof.  
(b)  In line with Council regulations, outdoor terraces will 
be locked after 10:00pm each night and must be 
vacated before this time. 
(c)  No glass is permitted on any outdoor terrace or 
rooftop.  All drinks must be served in plastic cups.
(d)  No items are to be thrown off balconies, rooftops, 
out of windows or any common areas.
(e) No unsafe or dangerous behaviour is permitted.
(f)  Scape can close or restrict access to the outdoor 
terrace or rooftop at any time for an indefinite 
period.
15. Laundry facilities
(a)  Guests are required to provide their own laundry 
detergent or powder and any other laundry product 
they wish to use.
(b)  Guests must not leave items in the machine after 
the cycle is finished.
(c)  Guests must always keep the laundry area clean 
and tidy and must not store their personal items in 
the laundry area.
(d)  Guests must use the dryers provided and are not 
permitted to hang clothes on balcony areas.
(e)   If any items are left behind in the laundry or 
machines, these will be placed into lost property 
by housekeepers, and if not retrieved within 7 days, 
may be disposed of.
(f)  Any items left unsupervised in the laundry facilities 
are left at the guest’s risk.  
(g)  Scape is not responsible for any damage or loss 
caused to clothes or other items resulting from 
the use by guests of the laundry facilities.
16. Bicycles
(a)  Bicycles must be secured only to the bicycle 
racks or in the storerooms located throughout the 
building.  
(b)  Bicycles must not be left unattended or secured 
to other objects such as benches, light posts, trees, 
handrails which may obstruct access. 
(c)  Where bicycles are parked at an unauthorised spot, 
Scape may remove the bicycle without prior notice.
(d)  Scape is not responsible for the theft or damage to 
any bicycle which is secured via the bicycle racks or 
left anywhere else in the building.
17. Maintenance 
Guests must maintain the cleanliness of their 
apartment and take care of all furniture, appliances 
and facilities in a way that does not interfere with the 
reasonable comfort of other guests. 
(a)  Furniture provided in rooms or common areas must 
not be removed from these areas and any damages 
must be reported immediately.  
(b)  Guests will be responsible for any damage or 
destruction of any apartment or room (including 
windows) which they cause or contribute to, and 
any other act which may damage, mark, or break 
any part of the apartment, room or its contents, 
furnishings and appliances.
(c)  Guests are not permitted to place any items 
to the ceiling, walls or windows in their room, 
apartment, or common areas, including blu tack, 
sticky tape, picture hooks, paintings, nails or 
screws. 
Any apartment or common area damages will be the 
responsibility of that guest and will be charged for 
any repairs where the guest is at reasonable fault.  
18. Garbage collection
All guests are responsible for placing their rubbish 
in the waste bins or chutes provided on each floor.  
Guests must not squash large items down the bin 
chute. Large items should be placed directly into the 
bin in the general waste room. 
All guests must place recyclable rubbish only in 
the recycle bins or chute provided for applicable 
properties, or directly into the bin in the general 
waste room. 
Any guest found not complying with these 
procedures may be charged with the cost of 
cleaning, removing and/or disposing of the  
relevant item.

